DaaS planned maintenance policy (#3697)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer-overview/Legal/DaaS_Planned_Maintenance_Policy.md

## Maintenance window

Planned maintenance will be conducted monthly during a predefined maintenance window.

- Scheduled maintenance window: During the second week of each month.

## Scope of maintenance

The monthly maintenance will include the following activities:

- Operating system updates: Applying the latest operating system security patches and updates to ensure a secure environment.

- Security patches: Implementation of critical security patches to mitigate vulnerabilities and potential threats.

- DataMiner software updates:

  - Main Release (current CU): The DataMiner software will be updated to the latest Cumulative Update (CU).
  - Feature Release (latest version): For users subscribed to the feature release, we will update to the latest available feature release version of DataMiner.

## Communication

We will ensure transparent communication regarding maintenance activities, including any potential system unavailability:

> - Notification in advance: Users will receive a maintenance notification at least [X days/weeks] in advance of the scheduled maintenance window. This notification will include details such as:

Author: I've checked with Simon D., and he suggested 1 month both for this case and below. OK to fill in 1 month?

> - Notification in advance: Users will receive a maintenance notification at least [X days/weeks] in advance of the scheduled maintenance window. This notification will include details such as:

Author: ```suggestion
- Notification in advance: In case any downtime or disruption is expected outside of the regular monthly update routine, users will receive a maintenance notification at least 1 month in advance of the scheduled maintenance window. This notification will include details such as:
```

  - The date and time of the maintenance window.
  - An outline of the planned updates and changes.
  - Any anticipated system downtime or unavailability.

>   - Unexpected delays: If there are any unexpected delays or issues that extend the maintenance window, we will notify users immediately and provide revised estimates for service restoration.

Author: To make this last item stand on its own, so that it also applies for routine maintenance, I'd add a new line above it and remove the indent:
```suggestion

- Unexpected delays: If there are any unexpected delays or issues that extend the maintenance window, we will notify users immediately and provide revised estimates for service restoration.
```

## Emergency maintenance

In addition to scheduled maintenance, emergency maintenance may be required to address critical vulnerabilities or issues that cannot wait until the next scheduled maintenance window. Emergency maintenance will be performed with as much advance notice as possible, and we will work to minimize the impact on service availability.

## User responsibilities

To ensure smooth and timely maintenance, users are encouraged to:

- Monitor notifications sent by the DaaS team regarding planned maintenance.

- Plan around the scheduled maintenance window for any business-critical activities that require uninterrupted access to DaaS.

## Feedback and support

We value user feedback on our maintenance process. Should you experience any issues or have suggestions, please contact our support team at <techsupport@skyline.be>.

## Rescheduling maintenance

We understand that certain times may not be ideal for planned maintenance, and we strive to be flexible to accommodate user needs when possible. Rescheduling maintenance may be requested under the following conditions:

- User request for rescheduling:

>   - If a user anticipates that the scheduled maintenance window conflicts with critical business operations, they may request rescheduling by contacting our support team at least [X days/weeks] in advance of the scheduled maintenance.

Reviewer: Same.

## Limitations on rescheduling

While we aim to accommodate rescheduling requests, there are certain limitations:

- Security and stability: Maintenance related to security patches or critical updates may not be postponed if delaying them would expose the service to potential threats or stability issues.

- Coordination across systems: Rescheduling may not be feasible if it affects multiple users or impacts system-wide operations.

Any rescheduled maintenance will be communicated with a new planned maintenance window, ensuring that users have sufficient time to prepare.

## Limitations of deferring or skipping updates

- Increased risk: Skipping or deferring updates increases the risk of system vulnerabilities, performance degradation, and compatibility issues.

- Loss of support: Users who skip critical updates may not receive full support for issues arising from outdated software versions or unpatched systems.

- Service impact: In some cases, skipping updates may result in unplanned downtime or reduced service functionality.

> By adhering to this planned maintenance policy, we aim to provide a secure and reliable DaaS experience with minimal disruption.

Reviewer: You can leave it out.
